On new windows installs, remove default read permissions from agent c… (#6622)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

- Set permissions on the `Grafana Agent [Flow]` folder when installing via the
  windows installer rather than relying on the parent folder permissions. (@erikbaranowski)

> - Set restricted viewing permission on the `agent-config.yaml` (Static mode) or
>   `config.river` (Flow mode) when installing via the windows installer if the
>   file does not already exist. (@erikbaranowski)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set restricted viewing permissions on the `agent-config.yaml` (static mode) or
  `config.river` (flow mode) when installing via the Windows installer if the
  configuration file does not already exist. (@erikbaranowski)
```
